---
layout: post
title: Skiing
---
On the 26th of February was my school's annual ski trip. There are slopes all around Catalonia because it's a mountainous area. The particular
slope that we went to was about an hour and a half away.

The buses left the school at around 7am. We arrived at about 9. The first half of the day was a lesson with an instructor. I was in the 
beginners class because it was my first time skiing. The lesson went quite slow I think, because all of the kids were younger.

After the lesson I went to the beginners slope and did a couple of runs with one of the better kids giving me some tips. Then she went with her
friends to do an actual slope and invited me but I wasn't very confident so I stayed by myself at the n00b area.

After a while I was getting more confident but I didn't want to try a proper slope by myself for the first time so I went to eat lunch. When I 
had finished lunch I went to sit with the teachers for a while and they told me that if I wanted to try something more difficult I would have
to go immediately because we were leaving soon, so I went and put my skis back on. Waiting in line was the girl who had helped me before and I 
asked her not to abandon me on the slope. 

When we got to the top I realised that it was much steeper than I had expected. To be honest I have no idea how I'm still alive, because even 
though I went most of the way on full brake it was still pretty fast. Meanwhile these kids are skiing along like it's nothing and making jokes
about how I love going fast. 

When we arrived to the bottom it was time to leave so we took the skis back and got on the bus. Just as we were leaving it started to snow. 

And the part I'm most happy about is that I didn't fall over. Not even once. When I told the teachers and my family they were pretty surprised.
Apparently, the same as riding a bike, everyone falls over their first time skiing. Maybe I should be trying out for the next winter Olympics!
