---
layout: post
title: Italy
---

The week before Easter is called Semana Santa, or Holy Week, in Spain and South America. The week is equivalent to Easter school holidays
in Australia so I had the week off school. The other ELAs from Manresa were going to Italy for the week and I decided to go with them.

## Problems
OK so we had planned to leave early Saturday morning in a hire car. When we went to hire the car on Friday afternoon we ran into some troubles
According to the quote given during the reservation it was meant to be about 800€ for the car and insurance. Just as we were about to pay I
noticed the card machine had over 1000$$$ on the screen. I asked about the price difference and they told us it was because the designated
driver was under the age of 25. They then looked more closely at the insurance rules and discovered that drivers under 25 aren't actually 
covered at all to drive big automatic vehicles on their policy. Because none of the people who had licenses here could drive manual, we had a 
problem. We went to a few different hire places and they more or less told us the same story. 

To be honest, at this stage it looked like the trip wasn't going to happen at all. Later that evening we decided to hire 2 cars. This looked
like the only way to do the trip but would also increase the costs enormously. Obviously this wasn't ideal but we wanted to do the trip. So we
hired 2 cars.

## Saturday
There were more problems with the cars on Saturday morning but eventually we had the cars and were ready to leave. I had caught the train to a
station closer to Barcelona so the others could pick me up easily. I arrived at the station at 10:30, and they had just hired the cars and were
about to leave. 2 hours later they had finally managed to 20 minute drive from the hire place to the station.

Because we left so late we had to cut out a town from the trip and drive straight to Venice, about a 12 hour drive from Barcelona. We only had 
1 legal driver in our car, and obviously a person shouldn't drive 12 hours without a break so I ended up driving about 6 hours without a 
license. 

We got slightly lost just before arriving and after our few toilet and eating breaks the trip ended up taking about 15 hours and we arrived
at 4 in the morning. 

## Sunday
The first real day of the trip we went to Venice. We caught a bus there at around 10:30, and went straight to a restaurant to find food
because we hadn't eaten breakfast or dinner the previous night. I got pasta carbonara and it was pretty good. 

Then we decided to walk around a bit and with 2 others, who we'll call Playboy and Ciastko, I lost the rest of the group while they were
taking photos (this was to become a common trend throughout the trip). We went to St Mark's square and looked around there, and to the palace
and art gallery where we played "find the ugly baby" in the old paintings. 

We had agreed to meet at 6 because we had to leave Venice for Rome that night. We ended up reaching the hostel at around 8 and leaving soon
after. For dinner we stopped at a servo on the highway and had pasta which was surprisingly good. 

## Monday
The first day in Rome
